feat: modify gha to test and publish alpine based images (#7496)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/en/getting_started/upgrading.md

    docker pull defectdojo/defectdojo-nginx:1.10.2
    ```

-   If you would like to use alpine based images, you specify the version (tag) you want to upgrade to:

    ``` {.sourceCode .bash}
    docker pull defectdojo/defectdojo-django:1.10.2-alpine
    docker pull defectdojo/defectdojo-nginx:1.10.2-alpine

>     ```

Reviewer: I like it

If you have installed DefectDojo on "iron" and wish to upgrade the installation, please see the [instructions in the repo](https://github.com/DefectDojo/godojo/blob/master/docs-and-scripts/upgrading.md).

## Upgrading to DefectDojo Version 2.19.x

> There are new dockerimages based on alpine with less vulnerabilities. Related to the new images the current dockerfiles had to be renamed and have a "-debian" or the new images a "-alpine" at the end. Furthermore there are new docker tags [DefectdojoVersion]-[OS]. For example 2.19.0-alpine or 2.19.0-debian. The currend tags (latest and [DefectdojoVersion]) are still based on the "old" images. Be aware that the new alpine images are not heavily tested and may contain bugs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are new docker images based on alpine with fewer third party dependencies. Related to the new images the current docker files had to be renamed and have a "-debian" or the new images a "-alpine" at the end. Furthermore there are new docker tags [DefectdojoVersion]-[OS]. For example 2.19.0-alpine or 2.19.0-debian. The currend tags (latest and [DefectdojoVersion]) are still based on the "old" images. Be aware that the new alpine images are not heavily tested and may contain bugs.
```
